Suggest using Object's convenience hashing functions for overriding hashCode (#3665)
dart-lang/site-www: src/_guides/libraries/library-tour.md

`==`) must have identical hash codes. A hash code doesn’t have to be
unique, but it should be well distributed.

> {{site.alert.tip}}

Reviewer: Good idea!

  To consistently and easily implement the `hashCode` getter,
  consider using the static hashing methods provided by the `Object` class.

>   For multiple objects, consider using [`Object.hash`][], 
>   while for collections
>   consider [`Object.hashAll`][] or [`Object.hashAllUnordered`][] 
>   according to your object's definition of equality. 

Reviewer 2: I believe we use `()` after function names, so I added those. (They'd need to be added to the link definitions as well, of course.)

Also, I didn't understand the multiple objects vs. collections thing, and I wanted to reduce sentence length. So... Here's my attempt:

```suggestion
  To generate a single hash code for multiple objects,
  you can use [`Object.hash()`][].
  To generate a hash code for a collection,
  you can use either [`Object.hashAll()`][] (if element order matters)
  or [`Object.hashAllUnordered()`][].
```

I vaguely remember us talking about collection member terminology recently (_element? item? member?_) but I don't remember what we decided.

Author: These changes look good to me, thanks. I do believe we discussed element as the best choice here and it makes sense in this case as well.

`==`) must have identical hash codes. A hash code doesn’t have to be
unique, but it should be well distributed.

{{site.alert.tip}}
  To consistently and easily implement the `hashCode` getter,
  consider using the static hashing methods provided by the `Object` class.

>   To generate a single hash code for multiple objects,

Reviewer 3: I'd say: "objects" -> "properties of an object"

  Person(this.firstName, this.lastName);

>   // Override hashCode using Object's static hashing functions.

Reviewer 3: Object -> \`Object\`

random.nextBool(); // true or false
```

> {{site.alert.warning}}

Reviewer: Uh...avoid unrelated changeds in a PR. Split this out.

Author: Woops, included this by accident, thanks for catching that! You can find those changes in https://github.com/dart-lang/site-www/pull/3664 :)
